ViVi : If you don't play the rock-paper-scissors game,
HaSeul : Yes, I will eat alone
ViVi : If you win the game, everyone can eat a pizza
ViVi : But if you lose, you even can't eat too!
(ViVi understands the rule perfectly)
'Shall we play now?'
HaSeul : Yes
HyunJin : Rock-paper-scissors!
(The first game ended in a tie!)
(Second round!)
'Rock-paper-scissors!'
(The second game ended in a tie, again!)
(The pizza game is getting more interesting!)
HyunJin : Rock-paper-scissors!
The winner is LOOΠΔ 1/3!!
(It's the most moving moment to LOOΠΔ 1/3)
HaSeul : Come on, LOOΠΔ!!
(Group hug!)
HaSeul : As the leader of LOOΠΔ 1/3, I always have a responsibility to our members...
(It's time to eat a pizza!)
(they are enjoying some pizza)
HyunJin : It's just a little salty...
HaSeul : This tastes just like a foreign pizza